welcome back
car from Manhattan York City
North America Western Hemisphere
earth solar system secretaries
arm
wall the way galaxy up next
local group
Virgo supercluster all a Tyler
the universe and we don't yet
have recorded within the
multiverse we're working on that
that to make black friend Bill
Nye he moved to town equ
starting to Seattle in 2008 but
he's a New Yorker now and he's
loving it
and he sent in these dispatches
from around town
he has some thoughts about
sharing in the information age
as we knew he would check it out
when it comes to sharing
information humans are in a
class by themselves
I mean sure a dog named walk up
to a tree
take a p/e to let other dogs
know that it's his territory
coyotes me how to communicate
monkeys me screech to another
monkeys in a barrel know that
there's a predator
by or away all comes swim real
fast in breach
about on the scene flopped back
down with a great big splash
and a great big sound and but
humans
humans we share all kinds of
information with everybody all
the time
we use these big wide in sheets
but the best you can do with a
piece a paper in store
the last night's news now we get
news
24 Sep every day we can share
information
in a flash at the speed of light
all over the world that is
as long as you got wanna meet
and you're connected
is there wifi here
personal life